= 10 Steps to solving a programming problem =
[[selectEvenNumbers example]]
Understand the * Problem * logic

1. Read the problem at least three times(or until comfortable)
2. Work through the problem manually with at least three sets of sample data.
	* Corner case:  A problem or situation that occurs outside of normal operating parameters, when multiple 
	  environmental variables or conditions are simultaneously at at extreme levels.  (Tolerance stack)
	* Edge case:  Problem or situation that occurs only at an extreme operating paramter
	* Dont gloss over the steps really pay attention if it is too hard to pay attention, try using a larger set 
	  to go over or something more difficult instead of an exteremly simple version.
	
	== Steping throught the array ==
	1. Look at the element in the array[1]
	2. Decide if it is even or not.  It is not.
	3. Look at the next element.  Notice that there are no more elements in this array.
	4. Determine there are no even numbers in this provided array.
	5. Return an empty array.

	Lets go through the array [1,2]
	1. Look at the first element in the array[1].
	2. Decide it if is ever or not.  It is not.
	3. Notice the next element in the array[2].
	4. Decide if it is even or not. It is.
	5. Add it to the selectEvenNumbers Array.
	6. Look at the next element [x].  Notice that there are no more elements in this array.
	7. Return selectEvenNumbers Array [2].

	Lets go through the array [1,2,3,4,5,6]
	1. Look at the first element in the array[1].
	2. Decide if it is even.  It is not.
	3. Notice the next element in the array[2].
	4. Decide if it is even or it is not.  It is.
	5. Add [2] to selectEvenNumbers array.
	6. Notice the next element in the array[3].
	7. Decide if it is even or it is not.  It is not.
	8. Notice the next element in the array[4].
	9. Decide if it is even or it is not.  It is.
	10. Add [4] to selectEvenNumbers array[2,4]
	11. Nocide the next element in the array[5].
	12. Decide if it is even or it is not.  It is not.
	13. Notice the next element in the array[6].
	14. Decide if it is even or it is not.  It is.
	15. Add [6] to selectEvenNumber array[2,4,6]
	16. Return selectEvenNumber array]2,4,6]
	
	
3. Simplify and optimize your steps.
	* Look for patterns and anything you can generalize.
	* See if you can reduce any steps or if you are repeating any steps.

	1. Create a function selectEvenNumbers.
	2. Create a new empty array evenNumbers... where even numbers are stored.
	3. Go through each element in the array[1,2].
	4. Find the first element.
	5. Decide if it is even by seeing if it is divisible by 2.  If it is then add it to evenNumbers.
	6. Find the next element.
	7. Repeat step #4
	8. Repeat steps #5 and #4 until there are no more elements in this array.
	
4. Write pseudocode, focus on logic and steps that you understand.
5. Translate the pseudocode into code and debug.
	* Use something like console.log() after variables or lines to check if values and code is behaving as expected
	* Check values
	* Remove sudo code and make good comments
	
6. Simplify and optimize yoyur code
	* is there a function out there
	* My goal at first is to make the code more readable.
	* Are there any extra steps that can be removed.
	* Are all the variables and functions being used.
	* Are you repeating some steps.

7. Debug:  This should be done all throughout the process.
8. Write useful comments.
   
	  
