= Encyclopedia =

[[Algorithms]]: 
[[Arguments]]:  What is passed into a function(argument).  
[[Classes]]:  Classes define types and create objects. 
[[Enumerations]]:  Related and have a particular order. 
[[Switch]]
[[Array]]
[[Variables]]:  Section of memory a physical segment of RAM
[[Declaration]]:  Provides basic attribute of a symbol: its type and name
[[Definition]]:  Provides all of the details of that symbol
[[Arguments]]:  function (arguments) Value passed to a function or a template, in which it is accessed through a parameter.
[[Function]]:  Is a group of statments that is executed when it is called.
[[Initialization]]
[[Declaration]]
[[Expression]]:  A combination of numbers, symbols, or other variables that produce a result when evaluated
[[Scripts]]:  Smallest unit of code made up of variables, expressions and operations.
[[Hex]]:  0x Denotes hex
[[Pointer]]:  Derefernce *
[[Reference]]:  &
[[Class]]:  class name::member of class  Month::Jan
[[Overloading]]:  Is when you call or use the same thing withing the same code block
[[Preprocessor directive]]:  #
[[Protected]]
[[Member operators]]:  dot and arrow. Are used to reference individual members of classes, structures, and unions.  dot is for the actual object arrow is for pointers
[[Recursion]]:  Is when a statement calls itself
[[Text]]:  Files contain data readable by humans
[[Binary]]: Files contain data readable by computers strictly numeric
[[Dynamic initialization]]:  The value isn't initialized until runtime, not compile-time.
[[Iteration]]:  Is when a loop repeatedly executes until the controlling condition becomes false
[[Header]]:  Definitions are stored in header.
[[References&]]:  Provides another name for a variable aka a nickname for that variable 
[[Return values and parameters]]
[[Random numbers]]:
[[Pointer]]:  A pointer is a variable that can contain a memory address.
[[Static data member]]:  Is a single data member that exists for the entire class
[[Vector]]
•	Declaring: data_type and variable_name; for the first time this is a new name. this informs compiler the size to reserve for the variable in memory.
